FAQ 

Q: What is this site?
A: bandnames.cool is a band name aggregate website. Our goal is to collect all of the cool band names before they are taken. 

Q: What’s the wheel for? 
A: Spin the wheel with your cursor (or touchscreen on mobile devices) and find out! Discover new band names and give them upvotes or downvotes. You can also spin and stop the wheel with the “Spin Wheel” and “Stop Wheel” buttons respectively. Band names on the wheel refresh with every up/downvote. 

Q: What are band names? 
A: Great question. We don’t know. Band names can be whatever you want them to be. Don’t let your definition of band names be limited to the bands you know! Think of the band names YOU want to see in the world (unless you see someone upload a string of random characters or something… in that case, DOWNVOTE THEM INTO OBLIVION!!!) 

Q: How can I submit band names?
A: You can submit one band name at the top of the webpage by pressing “submit”. You can submit MANY band names at once using the “Batch Submit” option, which accepts several different list formats! You do NOT need to sign up to submit band names. 

Q: Why can’t I upvote/downvote band names?
A: Currently, we require users to sign up for an account to upvote/downvote different band names. This may change eventually! 

Q: Why are all the names I’m seeing censored? 
A: A sitewide profanity filter is enabled by default. To turn off the profanity filter, please create an account and then navigate to the “Profile” button at the top of the webpage, uncheck the “Profanity Filter” box, and press “Submit” to uncensor the bad words! 

Q: Can I see the band names I’ve uploaded? 
A: Yes, you can! Currently, the only way to view the band names you’ve uploaded is to sign up for an account – you can then view your submitted band names in the “Profile” tab from best-to-worst ranked. You can also delete uploaded band names by using the trash bin icon to the left of each respective band name. 

Q: Can I use a band name I found on this site?
A: As long as someone else isn’t using it already! We claim no band name uploaded to this website as our own. Anything uploaded is fair game, so long as it isn’t a band that already exists. 


